hi that as they are welcome to another do not forget before torean of stupor
eads of milk we are going to go with very doubtful muvim is that if in this new
mbi script tutorials I will teach composing effects a photograph
what we started we chopped
What I have left
we give you a click here in this area
we import about 4 pictures
in this one this job
I had made a video of the tutorial about how to put transitions in
half of each photograph
and in that I do not envy in tutorials I will teach how to put an effect
eye
a movement there was something that alan that a photograph move we selected the
second photograph
after that we give you a click here anime and sims
as they realize that they are more
transitions that you notice explained in a video a previous tutorial
Now what I'm going to see you teach is
how to put a movement or how to make this image move
or that has a minimum movement
for that we are going to select
any of those who are up here here where I did an in sun
we were a click here we found more and as well as three herald groups in their min
if we put the cursor over each one
starts to make them were not photography starts to have a movement
this is the way how to give our photography
a small movement
click on it
and it's going to apply here and it's not photography
'I do' want a different chin riot
for this photograph he selected it
and I choose
here
others
I'm going to use 1 of this group what does it belong to when I add 8
I give a click
valcke I like
but it implies here in this one
After that, if he got injured in the first Haitian photograph, I give him a
click on kuwait
this has not been applied to any movement
but a week pictures and
and how they are told in the moving
as if he is being born a sum
in a camera
of the video to say it
that way
now after having applied
a movement to our photography
we want to put a transition in the middle of photography
no more we put you on top of this
click on top
after
on top of this
now we take a click between
and is going to put the transition and also going to move extra bonus photo riama have
a movement
how they count
another thing more than teaching them
is about how to put
a thought here in photography
select what you do with the photo and I give you a click on the purchase in case of
what are you
we give you a click on game after
we click on it in cache
this is where you can put a thought
you select what is here you start to write
then if you do not like what you write the selected ones and you give a 'click'
secondary and then you give him cacho
and it's gone
after you've written something andiamo if you liked it you just give it
one click
even if they were from this box and it stays there
you can also apply
an animation to the text that you have here for that as you realize
when we are here
in this frame
we can not select and when placing the cursor here they override these which is
here where it says effect or sometimes
by putting the cursor over
they will realize before
to our text
get
an animation go a
move as you want to call
and that's how you can put it in say
a thought in some photographs and encourage it
if you like some effect in the matter and that over
now
let's give it a click
and well I think that
this is all
if you want to see the whole screen in your project you give a click here I understand
then click on prison was a sprint you were a click here
and it's going to start
your work
ma touches
how do you realize
and after
that this project has finished
or simply put the cursor over and after issues are said
mubi I'm left
and they bring you directly here
this is all I think and I hope that the stent and script tutorials serve
of utility and how to put power together a photograph an effect
this is all
i the
see this I do not make a trillion tutorial take care until the next